like a plastic that's why we
engulfed on the 15-year missions
who turn that into something
that we actually want we have
collected around 750 new
materials that's coming from our
daily post-consumer waste it can
go into any consumer product at
lower costs higher performance /
so let me show of hands who
actually recycled something
today
wow ok this is a we-we're
audience but guess what guess
what there's actually in the
United States we have a lowest
recycling rate of all the
developed nations is plateauing
at thirty-four percent recycling
rate you look at the waist here
it has tires a pair waste on top
of plastic bags and PT bottles i
think this is the one of a big
problem here
no one actually wants to be
responsible for all that way so
we're creating we are
responsible all of us here are
responsible for this mess our
solutions we have to make trash
sexy and this is what National
Geographic is so good about for
us engineer that is engineering
porn okay so why is that because
this is the highest performance
animal in the ocean it's the
fastest it has the scale that's
optimized for speed and just the
pure physical form is no waste
zero-waste everything is
considered everything is design
but this is what we get every
grain of rice every week every
breath you eat has twenty
percent ways fiber ways every PT
bottle all these are perfectly
non-toxic material that can
constantly recycle reuse and
then we have a growing it weighs
electronic was huge amount of it
has precious metal and have a
lot of toxic element let me get
nerdy little here
ok why we are not turning that
into product today if you touch
your clothes there's no recycled
content in it there's the seat
you're sitting on the
environment that we're in has no
recycled content in it
this is a problem why why not
the reason is because the
polymer chain got broken into
recycling process
this then how do you make them
strong again if you're weak
animal weekend i cannot be sexy
maybe they are but but you know
they're not very sexy so we we
appeal we are actually drawn to
pretty things
so how do you make that sexy
again we have to use fiber to
bridge in between and this is a
we go back to history the Romans
built cement aqueducts Chinese
build walls all with
agricultural ways grind it down
into these powder form they mix
into the cement what it does is
a have silicon dioxide in it
amorphous silicon dioxide it's a
natural glue it's actually
forming these broken polymer
chain if you mix into it
actually start to come together
conglomerates in too much much
stronger materials the ancient
does it
why are we doing that today so
that's one of the solution how
we reinforced material using
organic waste so why we're doing
this
toxicities this is a piece of
leather and that's a piece of
recycle PT fabric on the side
just look at how many steps
required to produce a process a
piece of leather fabric versus a
piece of recycle PT waste every
step required carbon footprint
energy chemical on the recycle
pd so you only use water heat
and knife to cut the pieces down
why are we doing this moral we
embed seven new materials a
month we have a collected around
750 new materials that's coming
from our daily com post-consumer
waste but the problem is no one
wants to buy them
ok so we have the pioneer making
up new applications so i'll show
you very quickly what we did
this is what we call molecular
cooking molecular cooking are
all levels
molecular gastronomy at the
marketing front new pioneering
engineering and designing and
marketing front it can go into
any consumer product at lower
costs higher performance we have
40 Story Tower with trash
campuses nice story tall
building museum which is
finished biggest waste recycling
plant that we turn the ways of a
waste into all the building
structure we have work on the
food waste recycling plant in
taiwan and we also doing a car
waste recycling plant that's
finishing this year
this looks like a piece of
marble it's not it's right here
it's a piece of recycle
ET non woven no chemical added
heat press structural material
and it's also a air purifier ok
may from cigarette ways which is
tobacco which I spoke for many
years
ok it can be formed shape into a
lot different format we turn
into this in Milan this year
this is a pavilion it's actually
a inspired by the natural long
molecule and that's actually
capturing for model high in the
air and it's integrated
electronics it's all interlocked
single material no glue and I
want you to focus on the waist
of the waste of that cigarette
butt production process which
are those chairs we actually
turn that into these furniture
product using the cigarette
butts so the project called
anything but ok and this process
allows other designer cool will
lead to even more different type
of furniture products please
this has to look sexy to you now
because this is the leftover of
a typical german beer festival
okay look at all that material
that's out there this is a
possibility here and we turn
that all that crap he waste food
waste recycle nike shoes in to
recycle nike store in New York
you can go see in Paris lemery
you can go see in Milan London
you can see all these stores
that's made from a pair of ways
and he weighs and anyways we
scale across 23 countries taking
portable manufacturing
machineries into developed world
because want to keep the trash
in the developed world not to
ship to India China Taiwan
anywhere else
thank you
apolline means the garbage
people but the funny thing is
that they don't believe there's
such thing as garbage
they see value and things that
other people can't see the value
and they're very proud of you